String library
---------------------

by Tuhin Bhattacharjee

The String library is an attempt to provide improved string processing
functionality to the C language. The String library enables 
advanced string manipulation functions which are orginally 
not present in the C language. 

===============================================================================

Implemented Functions :
----------------------
Function 1 : substrings()
It Finds Out All Possible Substrings Of A Given String.
Usage : substrings(a,n);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose substrings are to be found out and n is an integer denoti- ng the size of the string 

Function 2 : substr()
It Displays All The Characters Of A Given String From A Given Starting Index To An Ending Index.
Usage : substr(a,start,end);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose characters are to be printed while start and end are integers denoting the starting and ending index respectively.

Function 3 : strasc()
It Sorts The Characters Of A Given String In Ascending Order.
Usage : strasc(a,n) ;
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose characters are to be arranged in ascending order and n is an integer denoting the size of the string.

Function 4 : length()
It Returns The No. Of Characters Present In A String(Including Special Characters).
Usage : length(a);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose length is to be found out.

Function 5 : strrev()
It Reverses A String i.e. Prints The Characters Of A String From The End To Beginning.
Usage : strrev(a,n);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string which is to be reversed and n is an integer denoting the size of the string.

Function 6 : strlwrcase()
It Converts All The Characters Of A Given String To Lower Case.
Usage : strlwrcase(a,n);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose characters are to be converted to lower case and n is an integer denoting the size of the string.

Function 7 : struprcase()
It Converts All The Characters Of A Given String To Upper Case.
Usage : struprcase(a,n);
where a is a pointer to a character array containing the string whose characters are to be coconverted to upper case and n is an integer denoting the size of the string.

Function 8 : stripDuplicates()
It Creates A New String Consisting Of All Distinct Characters From An Existing String Provided By User Or Developer.
Usage : stripDuplicates(arr,arr2);
where arr is the original string provided by user whose all distinct characters and taken and then used to create a new string arr2.Please note that arr2 is a character array which has to be previously created by user and should be of size equal to the no. of distinct characters in arr.
===============================================================================
 
Files
--------
strlib.c - C implementaion of string functions.

strlib.h - C header file for string functions.

tst.c    - C example that implements the stripDuplicates()    
           function of the string library. 

===============================================================================

Implementation :
----------------
To Implement The Library In Your C Programs Just Place The Syntax #include "strlib.c" In The Beginning Of Your C Code.

===============================================================================

 
